[WIP] Add content to the Observability Guide (#16)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/observability-data.asciidoc

[[add-observability-data]]
= Send data to {es}

> Now that you have provisioned your first deployment of your Elasticsearch cluster, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have provisioned your first deployment of your {es} cluster, 
```

you’re ready to ingest your logs, metrics, uptime, and APM data.

To make full use of Elastic Observability, we recommend that you install the observability 
products in the following order:

> 1. Install and configure {filebeat} on your servers to collect log events.

Author: Great suggestion. I have moved the summary information from each page to this topic.

2. Install and configure {metricbeat} on your servers to collect metrics from 
the operating system and from services running on the server.

3. Install and configure {heartbeat} on your servers to periodically check the status of your 
services.

> 4. If you have added an APM Server as part of a https://www.elastic.co/cloud/elasticsearch-service[hosted {ess}]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If you have added an APM Server as part of an {ess-trial}[{ess}]
```

> [[add-observability-data]]

Reviewer: this file should be renamed to `add-observability-data`
